[Music]
why can't you get a real office
what's more fun my office or your mom
louis roulette tell me what happened i'm
innocent i picked him up with blood all
over him
you didn't strike her no i am not that
guy are you sure there's not anything
that you're not telling me
nothing this kid feels wrong to me
he switched out the files why'd you lie
to me you got one client in jail
what your other client did it's all
confidential
attorney client privilege what you gonna
do maybe
your daughter haley she's very pretty do
you think you're the first client ever
threatened my family
i think you said it for your house
mickey wait for my call
i'm trying to make it right the lincoln
lawyer
rated in theaters everywhere march 18th